OSDOCS-16945#CQA work Stor1 - understanding persistent storage (#114120)
openshift/openshift-docs: storage/understanding-persistent-storage.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Persistent storage decouples data from pod lifecycles, allowing stateful applications to retain data across restarts and failures. Persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs) enable admins to provision storage and developers to request it without infrastructure knowledge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Persistent storage decouples data from pod lifecycles, allowing stateful applications to retain data across restarts and failures. Administrators use persistent volumes (PVs) and persistent volume claims (PVCs) to provision storage, and developers use them to request storage without infrastructure knowledge.
```
Suggested rewrite to avoid anthropomorphism ("...PVs and PVCs enable admins...").

include::modules/storage-persistent-storage-selinuxChangePolicy.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7131398[SELinux-related conflicts Knowledge Base article]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7131398[OpenShift reports SELinux-related conflicts when creating Pods (Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase)]
```

include::modules/storage-persistent-storage-selinuxChangePolicy-testing-mountoption-RWO-RWX.adoc[leveloffset=+2]

[role="_additional-resources"]
.Additional resources

> * https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7131398[SELinux-related conflicts Knowledge Base article]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7131398[OpenShift reports SELinux-related conflicts when creating Pods (Red{nbsp}Hat Knowledgebase)]
```
